and today is the ninth day of abreu is here look
and it's good night brasília ninth of april thursday 19 hours in wet here the
elisângela our interpreters of pounds you fast of life you know that in
next sunday there is an easter event with religious leaders
catholic evangelicals several major evangelical ideas and will be broadcast
on tv brasil and also on our broadband there are so many people pastors priests
entered the authorities will not give this pearl here open the right we Pedro
guimarães is pg two i lost protecting my father think geraldo pg two is the
paulo guedes what do we do then folks who are waiting for the spoken word
and the mandetta and the matter and onyx can go to another live ok it will not
having this subject here is not ok love can more importantly today a job
huge yours from the ministry of onix dataprev economy various ministries
involved was this $ 600 emergency relief for informal or
freelancers among others says something had a record of how much when you
opened home for staff to register the access record was
destabilized the Brazilian internet network of everything we had in the first
day that was on Tuesday 111 million hits in 6 hours on the site and 21
million Brazilians register for the
app never heard sounds until today president we reached 30 million
registrations and 270 million accesses on the site, just one thing that is important for
avoid fraud there is only one help site ponto Caixa.gov.br and one application
emergency emergency aid box federal government so these are the
only two and a 111 telephone exchange had two northeastern states
what I cannot accuse the governor there may be something money made by a
any person but coincidentally from the northeastern state the two most
to the northeast that on a website was a state government, this is a fraud
all right so i'm not going to use the governor right you because we don't have the
proof that was made by the governor but the way to prove that I will likely
to show that the governor managed to get $ 600 to do well and today we pay
because it is very important for more than two and a half million people who have already
today received 2.1 million in savings bank accounts and 400 thousand from the bank of the
brazil this is the first group the president group of people who are in the
unique registration outside Bolsa Família and that passed through the first screen of the
dataprev and yours also a second time week that
it comes with all certainty I am in the family allowance and it was even for the guy wins 200
family scholarship degrees will move to 600 1200 or 1800 are three groups i think
that are a very important point the first is the single registration outside the
family allowance which are around 10 million people we have the others
payments between tuesday and wednesday next week we will also have is more than
20 million people from the family allowance that we will pay on the normal day of 16 until the
end of the month and fill registration which is what we are doing this week
for informal workers who are informal workers the
individual microentrepreneurs and also self-employed workers so it is the
biggest program and if last point of insertion of people
because 30 million Brazilians will have a free hand account an account
digital in the savings box this was never done to cross it there it is on the screen
here at the front a decision by the minister of the supreme federal court and went to the
positive side that will appeal but your positive side until you say clearly
that whoever is responsible for actions such as imposing distance and
quarantine social isolation suspension of activities you who are not working
right as well as classes on trade restrictions, cultural activities and the circulation of
people whose governor or mayor decides this
moved away from federal government that make decisions accordingly ok so the
responsibility if you have a problem tested think the quarantine
the measures taken by the in your state are undermining the appropriate forum
you complain will repeat the respective mayor governor I will not go into
controversy here is the decision of the supreme so who decides are the governors and
the mayors the price of the republic the federal executive coffin I cannot enter
in this area but it's ok let's continue a little bit here
and there are more measures there I would like it to be other measures right but already
exceeded is 600 billion reais the federal government's spending on not only on
prevention of the disease as well as fight for the maintenance of the job what considers it
that the government is doing now have here let me know that you understand more
economy than me is a bridge, right?
bridge we are an alternative source is a virtual bridge the
Assyrians it and we have this 600 billion reais is maintaining the
communication between the two banks is from the river only we have a limit I believe
that three months or four months gets complicated we hope that what people
activities come back before that even for me for me who's afraid of 40 is already
working without any problem but I don't want to dispute us because we
we should in the middle and there is to go for vertical isolation
but they don’t want to be launched here so at the moment we have two diseases in you know
do not know that there the issue of the virus and the unemployment equation which is an evil
This story of staying at home is terrible too, because people are moni community
very poor, you know, you live in poor neighborhoods, you can't stay at home either
there is no way out to bring the bread inside the house so ok
quite complicated i'm sure the president this is all
resolved I have news that some governors some mayors also
it seems that minas gerais has already started in this line of needs that i
I do not have any symptoms nor do I care about the one detected by a virus.
released by the respective governor but let's go ahead here more
such a thing was also invented provisional measure that sometimes we end up
to also sign the payment of the condyles electricity bill for 9
million families are known ok and up to 150 already they have a difference
social fare and spends up to $ 150 will go for three months without paying the
electricity bill and
and another 11 thousand Brazilians were repatriated and recalls that operation that
we did in china right with february starts in march it was quite clear for us is
for foreign affairs defense health station was quite expensive now the
leaving action is being done differently bringing the Brazilian from outside
logically makes due attendance with disembarks and they are to release soon after
11 thousand Brazilians already repatriated defense and defense relations so well
embratur in for all gilson in the very connected gilson our pernambucano thats
for you here 60 million what is financed for civil construction
for small and medium-sized businesses with 50 inches
it is but it doesn't show my boss can speak clearly today we announce in the box
morning 43 billion reais in a new credit line where the construction companies
commit to keeping 1.2 million people working and at the same time with
the total conditions of safety at work for the issue is health so
is very important president because it allows for the maintenance of employment and
more than the line of credit this bad news practically first hand we
we are giving and six months grace period ie if you buy is a one
apartment now you just need to start paying in 7 months and the
same thing for the company because it wanted and gives the working capital slack to
company and also for the person at that time the overdraft in the box
how much is 2 percent already seeing is 2.9 but you can dine there
torrent while 2.3 percent recently it 14 by 14 percent there and then the
cash was missing right but not and the total profit record we had
last year was a double record last year I never heard anything and left only one
important point if I think it strengthens your government's organization is the
minister paulo guedes three weeks ago talked to you and then to me
about it is for the informal ones and then we in three weeks got it
get up and we will pay the three presidential installments in 50 days which
what's happening the first installment will be paid in mid-April the second in
end of April and the third at the end of May so we will pay by the end of more
one hundred and ninety-eight billion reais
help is welcome almost 90 and 98 98 million 4 million Brazilians
it's more of a subject here it was quiet little pisep ice ice to the bottom of
guarantee and we intend to pay 1045 already have money is yours in our will was yours
and circulate them starting in June now 60 million Brazilians will be
benefited the estimate of the ministry of economy are 36
and then and we have over 20 million Brazilians
that has no account we have to see the relationship between r $ 600 there are more than
over 10 million Brazilians so in three months 40 million Brazilians who
until today they had no bank account they started to have free also taking
taking into account the financial health of brazil because jobs are also harmful right 80
eighty pine trees ideal for helping states and municipalities with suspensions of
debts and new credits exactly saying something has even again to
the government's great mathematical social policy instrument and we
we do this all over brazil there are several presidential loans we
we made in 3 days 3 billion reais for 200 cities today we are analyzing
50 300 municipalities in five and a half billion reais so as soon as this
money was released in two or three weeks
and more than 5 billion reais will be released to 300 municipalities and normally
president that the smallest municipalities and we will go over there going to
closure right the question of the famous hydroxychloroquine right some medicine from
bolsonaro is not my non-personal medicine ok ok get some information today that
price of france macron and met with researchers from
dailson hydroxychloroquine in addition to other authorities right in this room
infectology there in total france all over the world thank you i believe that soon
I am not saying a complete study, right?
emergency is giving a lot of strength to the use of the hill in combating the personnel
committed of color invitation 19 invite 19 it's going so that's it the whole world is
concerned about it china has stopped exporting the input for you
and is to produce hydroxychloroquine is we have a good relationship with the
indian government in apology here india ok she has a good launch with the
first cut with india as we all were in january at his maximum date
the date of the republic can only a head of state is invited we had the
honor to be invited so we need emergency now from india is
this for that and a quantity was released that is forecasted on Saturday
passed for tomorrow so we have a survival to manufacture here look
and this train here you can see one that is not but hydroxychloroquine here so the
everything that seems to indicate has saved lives just yesterday pronouncement
to the nation I had talked to dr kalil and he had a critical role
confessor that I said he used I put it in differently from that other
guy that another colleague there who is connected to the governor right that other
colleague there and again gave strength to that there and the doctor fell into one of the
interviews I thought it was really cool, right, why did he say he used it and why
said that he also taught patience he spoke so that there was no way to
waiting for you to wait for the scientific study to be proven is going to take a
two years are not me for those who are here, affected by the disease, can't wait
the vast majority will die well so congratulations I remember the episode
of the war of the pacific where the soldier arrives in the wounded right without blood and private
transfusion and the day without then personal cake not the business there in the water part
coconut and played there watching the soldier over there and it worked out imagine if it had to
waiting for scientific proof of that would have died everyone is for
blood loss so our our laboratory has four laboratories here
in Brazil between them here this one of that miracles after there is another one here
there are several laboratories in brazil that are able to produce millions of
access pills a day and I don't know how the world is
prepared the country but has countries in India for example if you need
tablets in large quantities I don't know what it is like we are a lot of has
a juice for the medicine that used the whole world
there is still a young man with medicine supplies and Brazil has a
dozen quite strong pharmacist here so if india for example needs
let's suppose to make pills in large quantities I don't know if they have this
capacity also more until separately hot it advances that already I talked with the
of this laboratory and today we are ready to manufacture here on the river knorr
and also today we are going to report that the regional council
and the amazon recommended chloroquine even for milder cases then
our congratulations here, the regional council of medicine at the hospital
amazons who recognized that a chance is an opportunity and ask yourself to
Anyone I want can take a [ __ ] so far and say no you yours
mom and dad or you a certain age perceive item any some comorbidity
one disease in the other and you got infected you’re maria or you wouldn’t take you
it works of course I are also there my mother is 93 stories tall is it in the face that
it will take democratic never again take without problem take the logic
consult the doctor, right? Is that the doctor, for sure?
doctor is going to be favorable I'm sure of that the doctor does not abandon the
patient but the patient touches the doctor you go comedy you said he
recipe one thing you know will not work because it can happen
you have the right to a whole pocket knife you have every right to change doctors all
respect and to all professionals so I repeat the doctor did not leak not patient
but the patient can change things directly
here so even my doctor is kalil who is an excellent doctor so
brave doctor if you liked the way I talked to this the phone
I was even touched, there I was off practically, you know?
green light to be able to insert in my statement of the nation of yesterday a fact
concrete of a doctor right from the renowned when I fell this medicated with
that and then respecting the hippocratic oath here is to save lives he
took this one said that he had actually used hydroxychloroquine
different dress from another guy there who politicized it and used this problem
right this doesn’t have to be politicized here is is life is life and you can be sure
if god wants it ahead of here a year one year and a half two proving the
efficacy of course here there in the treatment of the belt 19 dr kalil will feel
happy because as this medicine is being used in Brazil it will
feel happy relieved here for sure
hi lady save many lives here in Brazil
I already talked a lot increasing helped helped send audio an important point
comment with comment is very hitting to answer some
comment it
i am and how does another guy talk to sunday
so folks who are religious are catholic are evangelical Christians 16 hours is
on tv brasil our slab is also a moment of reflection on easter
is there are about 20 religious authorities there each one will speak two the
maximum three minutes for us to take here an hour an hour and ten at the most
always have people that extrapolate a little time, right?
I’m not a priest, right, a pastor comes, okay? I’m going to participate with
movement maybe I say something he is so since there is no football
also me one more reason to watch for not being football and then there is
to return to football I will not speak it will only be a newspaper headline right but also
so guys thank you so much for the opportunity until Sunday
and now if god wants a hug everyone hug